# [BPI Challenge 2014: Activity log for incidents](https://data.4tu.nl/articles/dataset/BPI_Challenge_2014_Activity_log_for_incidents/12706424/1)

*Dataset posted on 23.04.2014, 04:30*

BPI Challenge 2014. This particular file contains the activity log for the incidents Parent item: BPI Challenge 2014 BPI Challenge 2014: Similar to other ICT companies, Rabobank Group ICT has to implement an increasing number of software releases, while the time to market is decreasing. Rabobank Group ICT has implemented the ITIL-processes and therefore uses the Change-proces for implementing these so called planned changes. Rabobank Group ICT is looking for fact-based insight into sub questions, concerning the impact of changes in the past, to predict the workload at the Service Desk and/or IT Operations after future changes. The challenge is to design a (draft) predictive model, which can be used to implement in a BI environment. The purpose of this predictive model will be to support Business Change Management in implementing software releases with less impact on the Service Desk and/or IT Operations. We have prepared several case-files with anonymous information from Rabobank Netherlands Group ICT for this challenge. The files contain record details from an ITIL Service Management tool called HP Service Manager. We provide you with extracts in CSV with the Interaction-, Incident- or Change-number as case ID. Next to these case-files, we provide you with an Activity-log, related to the Incident-cases. There is also a document detailing the data in the CSV file and providing background to the Service Management tool.

### [Refrence](http://www.win.tue.nl/bpi/2014/challenge)